Add Content-Types Builder documentation in User Guide (#199)
strapi/documentation: docs/user-docs/latest/content-types-builder/introduction-to-content-types-builder.md

# Introduction to the Content-Types Builder

> The Content-Types Builder is a core plugin of Strapi. It is a feature that is always activated by default and cannot be deleted. It is however only accessible when the application is in a development environment.

Reviewer: Maybe we could also link to [this entry in the FAQ](https://strapi.io/documentation/developer-docs/latest/getting-started/troubleshooting.html#why-can-t-i-create-or-update-content-types-in-production-staging)

Administrators can access the Content-Types Builder from _Plugins > Content-Types Builder_ in the main navigation of the admin panel.

![Content-Types Builder interface](../assets/content-types-builder/content-types-builder.png)

From the Content-Types Builder, administrators can create and manage content-types: collection types and single types but also components. All 3 are displayed as categories in the left side of the Content-Types Builder interface. In each category are listed all content-types and components that have already been created, configured and saved.

From each category of the Content-Types Builder, it is possible to:

> - click on an existing content-type or component to access it and edit it (see [Editing and deleting content-types](saving-editing-deleting-content-types)),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- click on an existing content-type or component to access it and edit it (see [Managing content-types](managing-content-types)),
```

You probably changed the section title at some point and forgot to update the link ;-)
